
# SIMON GAME
Welcome to the Simon Game, a classic memory game implemented using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript! Test your memory and concentration as you try to replicate the increasingly complex patterns generated by the Simon game.



Introduction
The Simon Game is a timeless electronic game that challenges players to remember and repeat sequences of lights and sounds. This project brings the classic Simon experience to your web browser, with a modern twist.

How to Play<br></br>
Start the Game: Press the "Start" button to initiate the game.<br></br>
Watch and Listen: Pay attention to the sequence of colors and sounds played by the Simon game.<br></br>
Repeat the Sequence: Click on the colored buttons in the same order as the sequence presented by the game.<br></br>
Winning: Successfully repeat the entire sequence to advance to the next level. The game will continue to add new colors and sounds, increasing the difficulty.<br></br>
Features<br></br>
Responsive Design: Play the Simon Game on any device, whether it's a desktop, tablet, or mobile phone.<br></br>
Sound Effects: Enjoy the classic Simon sound effects for an authentic gaming experience.<br></br>
Progressive Difficulty: Challenge yourself with an ever-increasing sequence of colors and sounds as you advance through the levels.<br></br>
Score Tracking: Keep track of your high score and challenge yourself to beat it.<br></br>
Getting Started<br></br>
To run the Simon Game locally, follow these steps:<br></br>

Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/your-username/simon-game.git<br></br>
Open the project folder: cd simon-game<br></br>
Open the index.html file in your web browser.<br></br>
Alternatively, you can play the game online by visiting Simon Game.<br></br>

Contributing<br></br>
If you'd like to contribute to the development of the Simon Game, feel free to submit pull requests. Bug fixes, feature enhancements, and feedback are always welcome.<br></br>

Fork the repository.<br></br>
Create a new branch: git checkout -b feature/new-feature.<br></br>
Make your changes and commit them: git commit -m 'Add new feature'.<br></br>
Push to the branch: git push origin feature/new-feature.<br></br>
Open a pull request.<br></br>
